1. Use the pbft consensus blockchain modification to realize the Dynamic Transaction Confirmation consensus algorithm

2. The alliance chain system is realized through the process description of the sharding protocol in the literature. It is consistent with this system's architecture and network model. Try to control the difference within the scope of the sharding protocol.

3. The system uses a bank account model similar to Ethereum to store node information. Node information includes account balance, point balance, Nonce counter, state tree root value, and contract hash value.

4. In the stage of system simulation, use multi-threading to realize the generation of multiple nodes. Multiple nodes monitor the network simultaneously, querying whether messages and blocks are sent to themselves in the network.

5. The network model design adopts a weakly centralized network architecture based on the alliance chain. Nodes need to be approved by the system to enter and exit the network, broadcast their node addresses to the alliance chain network, and join at the beginning of the next epoch.

6. The system is written in C++ language. The system includes a block class, blockchain class, transaction class, message class, transaction pool class, packaging function class, node class, network class, consensus mechanism class, sharding protocol class, and view class. The system consists of three parts. The first part is the basic framework, which includes block class, blockchain class, transaction class, transaction pool class, message class, and network class, which constitute the basic framework of the blockchain system, node network, and transaction cache pool. The second part is the functional layer, which is the packaging function class, node class, consensus mechanism class, and view class, which realize the transaction verification packaging, message transmission, and view conversion functions. The third part is the implementation layer, only the fragmentation protocol class. In the basic framework part, the block class contains Merkle root, version information, block number, timestamp, and others. The node class has an information table and a micro-block table. The information table is used to store the view conversion information and transaction verification review information received in the network, and the micro-block table is used to store the micro-block sent by the Leader node of the subcommittee. Compare the large block information on the final blockchain. The network class is responsible for generating node addresses.

